Good evening... I don't really know you, and I can't see or hear you, but I must maintain that I'm most enchanted that you are able to read what I wish to communicate and in doing so are fulfilling one of my foremost desires, that of spreading the knowledge of my home world across this solar system. I hope my English is legible and that you are able to understand what I write, for our knowledge of your world is limited and even though I've spent a large part of my life learning your language, I'm afraid that my command over it is not yet perfect and I sincerely request that you forgive any misgivings that you might observe over the course of this text.

As I mentioned earlier, this is a chronicle of the life of Rorcadraians, and an attempt at keeping our legacy intact in the off chance that our world may be destroyed by some unexpected calamity. Our people have attempted to contact other worlds like the Earth in the hopes of providing a certain level of redundancy to the knowledge and culture of our world. My purpose in this text is very specific as we broadcasters have been assigned very specific aspects of our world to prepare for dissemination to all the worlds, owing in part to our expertise on that particular subject and in part to our command over the primary language of the planet to which we are disseminating our knowledge.

Over the course of my life, I have been educated and have been responsible for the education of other Rorcadarians in the field of what you would call Sociology. Though the field I study may not be an exact analogue of sociology, it is, I believe, close enough in its scope for you to have a general idea of what is to follow in the remainder of this transmission.

Our society is made up of two different kinds of individuals, I'm not entirely sure which of the diverse classifications of the humans beings would be analogous to this. You can consider us as having two different races or two different genders or two different species. The difference between the two kinds of Rorcadarians is possibly a mixture of all these different classifications. 
The first kind of Rorcadarian, the kind that I am, is called a Rorca and the other type is called the Daria. We eat food like humans do for sustenance, our food however is not consumed through a mouth, rather we consume our nutrition through our skin which is an excellent screen for separating the unnecessary and harmful constituents of our food from the necessary ones. We don't have any external organs specialized to providing the means of locomotion, rather we are always surrounded by an electro-magnetic field that keeps us floating above the surface of our planet. The field, we have come to believe, is necessary for our internal processes as air is for human beings. As we move upwards, away from the planet, this field becomes weaker, and there have been many instances of daredevils attempting amazing feats that involve travelling away from our atmosphere into outer space as humans call it, only to find that within a few minutes, in human time, they would start suffocating and their skin would begin to peel and eventually they would die a painful death. Rorcadarian scientists have been able to create an artificial electro-magnetic field to help these space farers, but it is one of the marvels of technology that didn't exist when the many daredevils I mentioned earlier gave up their lives for science. Coming to the distinction between the Rorcas and the Darias, the differences are mostly physical, but apart from that, we are essentially the same people. Rorcas have the shape of a hemisphere, flat on one side and round on the other. We have two eyes on each side and have a 360 degree view of the world. The Darias are the opposite of this, they too have a flat surface on one side, however the other side is a concave hemisphere. If you have some difficulty imagining, think of it as a object that if attached to a hemisphere, would look like a horizontal cylinder . Both our people have a radius of 3 - 4 feet and Rorcas tend to generally be the smaller of the two.

The Rorcadarian society has a very fluid, yet predictable structure with no bias in favour of either Rorcas or Darias. You could call us a strict meritocracy. We have two parallel social ladders, the Pre-Melech ladder and the Post-Melech ladder. The Pre-Melech ladder is the ladder of Rorcadarian children. The most important in this ladder are the new borns, they are followed by the Rorcadrians of age 5 Rorcadarian years and older, followed by Rorcadarians of age 10 years and older. At the age of 15 Rorcadarian years, the Rorcadarian is no longer considered a child, however remains at the lowest rung of the Pre-Melech ladder till it clears the First Melech examination. This examination is held once every 30 Earth days and every Rorcadarian on the Pre-Melech ladder is eligible to participate, even the new borns, however it is extremely unlikely that anyone under the age of 5 would ever clear the First Melech. The examination is arduous for the best of the Pre-Melech citizens, and many Rorcadarians never clear it in their lifetime. These citizens on the lowest rung of the Pre-Melech have the first responsibility of caring for the young Rorcadarians in the rungs above them. In the unlikely case where there aren't enough Rorcadarians in the lowest rung of the Pre-Melech, the next group that has the responsibility is the lowest rung of the Post-Melech.However this responsibility also has an age restriction, only Rorcadarians of age 15 and higher can be assigned this responsibility, and if the number of citizens in the Lowest Pre-Melech and Lowest Post-Melech is not enough, then the second lowest of the Post-Melech has to take responsibility and so on. This ensures that the physical needs of infant Rorcadarians is satisfied.

The First Melech examination is a test of both physical and intellectual attributes and each examination varies from the previous one just enough to allay any fears of experience of prior examinations allowing a candidate to clear it. The physical tests generally are gruelling enough that Rorcadarians need at least 5 years of intense training to be able to clear them. Most citizens serious about clearing the examination generally devote their lives from their 5th or 6th year to preparing for the physical challenges and except for a very small number of unfortunate citizens most will be able to develop the strength needed. Tougher though is to develop the delicate control of ones Electromagnetic field which is evaluated rather strictly in the test. Developing strength is essential as it allows us to extend the range of our field and without that there would be no chance of clearing the physical tests, however precise control over the field is what really counts in the test and this is what most citizens have difficulty cultivating. One of the reasons for this being difficult is that there is a strict rule that prevents RorcaDarians from being tutored or counselled by other RorcaDarians about the test. Each Rorcadarian new born is taught basic speech over the first few months of its life. At the age of 2, the infant is enrolled in an institution similar to schools on Earth, the schools are open to all Rorcadarians and anyone above the age of 2 is allowed to attend. The content taught at these schools however is very rudimentary and it is unlikely that any citizen above the age of 5 will need to attend the school. These schools are operated by citizens at the lowest rung of the Post-Melech, who are considered to have mastered all the basics necessary for Rorcadarians however are yet to rise to a higher status. Many RorcaDarians who are interested in becoming teachers do not attempt the Second Melech examination at all in order to stay at the bottom of the Post-Melech to fulfill their desire to teach. At these schools the infants are taught fundamentals of mathematical and physical sciences, both of which are critical in the First Melech examination, however more than knowledge, the purpose of the schools is to instill in the students a desire and drive to learn on their own, which is why education from these schools will never be sufficient to clear the exams. Also it is at these schools that citizens are first tutored about the very basics of Rorcadarian society, and about the rules of the First Melech examination. 

Once a Rorcadarian feels that it no longer needs to attend school any more, it will either begin training for the First Melech or decide to stay at the lowest rung of the Pre-Melech. If it chooses the latter, then untill the age of 15, it will live a relatively sedentry life, consuming food, playing and idling. Upon reaching the age of 15, it will be assigned to one new born and will have to assist speech training and physical maintenance. Speech training assistance essentially involves forcing the new born to stay idle through the time that speech training machines electromagnetically transmit speech signal to the new born. For the new born, speech signals of such high strength are unusual and they tend to try to roll away, here the Rorcadarian "Nanny" if I may say so must ensure that the new born is unable to move away. Also, the physical locomotion of the new born to speech training centers must be performed by the Nanny. The third responsibility of the Nanny is to feed the new born. Access to food is free and extremely accessible, however Nannys must actually feed the new borns till they learn how to eat on their own. To keep the assignement of Nannies fair and to keep them accountable, Nannies are randomly re-assigned every 6 months and failure to feed the new born in a timely manner or attend a speech session leads to punishments. Punishments are enforced by a Police force which we will discuss about soon. The punishments are of the form of strong Electromagnetic waves that cause immense pain to the citizen subjected to it. So far the fear of punishment along with a strict Police force have ensured that the number of erring Nannies is minimal and rarely does anyone repeat an offense.

Rorcadarians who decide to begin training for the First Melech, have a tough life ahead of them, however it is rewarded if they are able to clear the examination and move to the Post-Melech ladder, and there is promise of still greater reward if they manage to move further up the Post-Melech ladder.

At the time that a Rorcadarian leaves school, it has a long way to go to be capable of clearing the examination. It starts physical training immediately, this involves activities such as jumping, moving as fast as possible, moving magnetic objects of various sizes, and also subjecting themselves to electromagnetic therapy where strong bursts of waves, similar to the ones used in punishment, but of much lower duration are used to build up the strength and range of its electromagnetic field. Intellectual training consists of training in mathematical and physical sciences. The only source of information for Rorcadarians is information disseminated in libraries. Libraries are institutions similar to schools, but have no actual citizens governing them. They have many Broadcast stations located around them and Rorcadarians with sufficient Electromagnetic manipulation skills can approach these stations and start reading them as humans may read books. However each library is extremely limited in the amount of content that it has and the RorcaDarians must visit as many different libraries as they can to accumulate enough knowledge to be able to attempt the First Melech.


The leader of our society occupies the highest rung of the Post-Melech ladder.
